{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2513
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13400\viewh14280\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Ashley Larsen\
8/2/21\
\
Data and code to repeat the analyses in Nature Communications 2015896.\
\
\ul Variable names\ulnone \
Pesticide metrics generally take the form [ln]KgPrd[metric]Ha100[suffix]\
\'93Ln\'94 indicates natural log transformed.  \'93Kg\'94 indicates kilograms. \'93Prd\'94 indicates pesticide products. [metric] is one of the following: insecticides only (\'93InsectOnly\'94), EPA acute toxicity category 1 or 2 (\'93EPA12\'94), EPA acute toxicity category 3 or 4 (\'93EPA34\'94), chemicals prone to drift (\'93Drift\'94), chemicals of potential hazard to fish (\'93Fish\'94) or aquatic species (\'93Aq. Sp\'94). All products (\'93PestPrd\'94) and all active ingredients (\'93PestAI\'94) take the form lnKgPestPrdHa100 or lnKgPestAIHa100, respectively.\
\'93YG\'94 suffix indicates yield gap adjusted, \'93100\'94 indicates raw data was multiplied for 100 (see text). \
\
soil_quality is a soil quality indicator\
soilX_[chem, hydro, temp] are sub-indices for the dynamic component (factor X) of the Revised Storie Index.\
pur_cdfa_organic is a binary for organic yes (1) or no (0)\
lnhectares is natural log transformed field size\
lnfarmSz is natural log transformed farm size\
comm_code2 is the commodity code\
PermFam is a unique code for each permit (farmer) - crop family combination.\
year is the year of observation\
Other variables either have labels or are renditions of the above pesticide metrics. \
\
\
Missing values are represented by empty cells. Missing values are most common in the soil quality sub-indices (soilX_chem, soilX_hydro, soilX_temp) due to missing soil quality data for these categories. Missing data in genus, family, rfamily (numeric encoded family), or PermFam (indicator for permit-by-crop family ID) are due to ambiguous crop taxonomy (e.g. uncultivated agriculture). Missing values in any natural log transformed pesticides is due to a zero value in the non-transformed data. Missing values in the raw, non-transformed pesticide use data were filled in with zero, as all pesticide uses is required by law to be recorded and thus no record is assumed to be equivalent to zero use. \
\
Annotated code to repeat the main analysis illustrates how these variables are used. Additional explanation for how these variables were created is described in the manuscript and supplementary information. }